I guess this will be my flying prince brother
Has been stripped of the crown prince
Come mother
We've been on the air for a long time
Celebrate
He definitely can't write three words
You can start preparing today.
Learning how to be a qualified prince
But I'm also curious
What can my flying brother write?
How ridiculous to think about it
Baby prince
The prince wrote it out
How is this possible?
His apprentice is so talented
The prince wrote it in the blink of an eye
Mr. Fang is ashamed
remorse vomiting blood
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince knelt down on the spot
It turns out that His Highness has talents in this world
It's been hidden
I don't accept it.
However, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince said that day that he wanted to implement the imperial examinations
Selection of poor disciples to enter the dynasty
The matter has already fallen out in the Golden Palace
Several ministers threatened to kill them on the spot.
First Prince, this is a good opportunity
Hmph he fool
How dare you propose such a national policy?
Selecting talents from underprivileged backgrounds
This allows future generations of these powerful people
Why can't I see him?
Humph this
It directly affected the interests of all the powerful people under my command
This diligent cultivation is to make everyone the enemy
I used to only target him strictly
This policy is proposed
From powerful wives to civil and military officials
Even places
We must join forces to take him down
kill
You know what these are
This is the mantra that lays down Zen engravings on you all over the country
The great prime minister
The little ninth-grade officials are scolding you.
How faint to talk about the imperial examination